check out this week's must-see movies
was the end of the world Batman and
Wonder Woman lead a newly formed team of
superheroes in Justice League witness
the story of the first Christmas to a
whole new set of eyes a small band of
animals become unexpected heroes in the
star there's something seriously wrong
with those animals he's a freak
there's anything that'll be mine a young
boy with facial differences faces new
challenges in wonder feel like you're
all see what's hot in theaters with this
week's fan tissa patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
you